b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\FrenchVanilla.dll.config
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\FrenchVanilla.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\FrenchVanilla.pdb
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\obj\Debug\FrenchVanilla.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\obj\Debug\FrenchVanilla.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\obj\Debug\FrenchVanilla.pdb
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\WebGrease.dll
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
b:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrenchVanilla\FrenchVanilla\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
